Add FAQ item for parsing TCP conversations. (#975)
zeek/spicy: doc/faq.rst

statements. To enable them, add ``Spicy::enable_print=T`` to the Zeek
command line (or ``redef Spicy::enable_print=T;`` to a Zeek script
that you are loading).

> .. rubric:: My analyzer recognizes one or two TCP packets even though there are more in the input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. rubric:: My analyzer recognizes only one or two TCP packets even though there are more in the input.
```

The Zeek Spicy plugin parses the sending and receiving sides of a TCP
connection each according to the given Spicy grammar. This means that

> if more than one message can be sent over the same connection the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
if more than one message can be sent per side, the
```

> grammar needs to allow for that, e.g., if the grammar parses message

Reviewer: ```suggestion
grammar needs to allow for that. For example, if the grammar parses messages
```
